docs/features/analyze.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 7
title: "Analyze"
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# 🔍 Analyze

The Analyze feature is a powerful tool designed specifically for print-on-demand merchants. It provides comprehensive insights about your generated images, including copyright detection and SEO-optimized product details to help you sell your designs with confidence.

---

## 🎯 How to Use

After generating images with the [`/imagine`](/features/imagine-command) command, you can analyze any of your images in just two simple actions:

1. Use the **Image** dropdown selector to choose which generated image you want to analyze (by default, Image 1 is selected)
2. Click the **"Analyze"** button to start the process

{/* HTML used here for max-width styling which cannot be achieved with markdown */}
<img src="/img/features/analyze/1.png" alt="Selecting an image and clicking Analyze button" style={{maxWidth: '365px', width: '100%'}} />

---

## ✨ Analysis Results

Within seconds, you'll receive a comprehensive analysis report containing valuable information to help you sell your design with confidence:

{/* HTML used here for max-width styling which cannot be achieved with markdown */}
<img src="/img/features/analyze/2.png" alt="Comprehensive image analysis results" style={{maxWidth: '365px', width: '100%'}} />

### ✅ Copyright Detection

The most critical feature for print-on-demand sellers! Our analysis uses **Amazon's advanced copyright detection tool** to scan your image for potential copyright issues including:

- Copyrighted characters
- Celebrity likenesses
- Brand logos
- Trademarked elements

When no issues are detected, you'll see a clear "NO COPYRIGHT ISSUES DETECTED" confirmation, giving you peace of mind to list your product.

:::warning Important Notice
While our AI analysis provides helpful guidance, it can make mistakes. Always double-check all findings, especially copyright analysis, before using designs in your business decisions. The AI Analysis Disclaimer is included with every report.
:::

### 🎨 Detected Elements

Get a detailed breakdown of all visual elements in your image:
- Subject matter and style
- Colors and composition
- Text content
- Artistic style and mood

This helps you understand exactly what's in your design for accurate product listings.

### 💡 Suggested Title

Receive an SEO-optimized product title (up to 62 characters) that includes:
- Key descriptive terms
- Primary keywords
- Eye-catching phrases

Perfect for platforms like Etsy, Amazon, and Redbubble.

### 📝 Product Description

Get a ready-to-use product description (up to 250 characters) that:
- Highlights key features
- Appeals to your target audience
- Includes relevant keywords naturally
- Maintains a professional, engaging tone

### 🏷️ Optimized Tags

Receive 15 SEO-optimized tags ordered by importance:
- **First tag = Golden Keyword** - Your most important search term
- Remaining tags cover relevant search terms
- Optimized for discoverability across marketplaces

These tags are specifically crafted to maximize your product's visibility in search results.

### 💰 Recommended Products

Get AI-powered recommendations for which products work best with your design:
- **Priority Products** - Best fits for your design
- **Secondary Products** - Additional opportunities

This helps you make smart decisions about where to apply your design.

## 💡 Pro Tips

:::tip Analyze Before Listing
Always analyze your images before listing them for sale. The copyright detection feature can save you from potential legal issues and marketplace account suspensions.
:::

:::tip Copy-Paste Ready
All the generated content (title, description, tags) is optimized for direct use in your product listings. Simply copy and paste to save time on every upload!
:::

:::tip Batch Analysis
Analyze all your generated image variations to see which one provides the best SEO opportunities and has the clearest copyright status.
:::

---

## 🎯 Perfect For

The Analyze feature is essential for:
- **Print-on-Demand Sellers** - Validate designs before listing
- **Marketplace Compliance** - Avoid copyright violations
- **SEO Optimization** - Get maximum visibility for your products
- **Time Savings** - Auto-generate product details instantly
- **Market Research** - Understand what products fit your design best

Commit message:

feat: add Vectorize feature documentation with usage instructions and visuals
- Introduced a comprehensive guide for the Vectorize feature, detailing its functionality and benefits for scalable designs.
- Added step-by-step instructions for users on how to utilize the feature effectively, including image selection and vectorization initiation.
- Included new images to visually demonstrate the vectorization process and results.
- Enhanced markdown structure for improved readability and user engagement.
- Added a section on credit usage for image analysis.

docs/features/analyze.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 7
title: "Analyze"
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

# 🔍 Analyze

The Analyze feature is a powerful tool designed specifically for print-on-demand merchants. It provides comprehensive insights about your generated images, including copyright detection and SEO-optimized product details to help you sell your designs with confidence.

---

## 🎯 How to Use

After generating images with the [`/imagine`](/features/imagine-command) command, you can analyze any of your images in just two simple actions:

1. Use the **Image** dropdown selector to choose which generated image you want to analyze (by default, Image 1 is selected)
2. Click the **"Analyze"** button to start the process

{/* HTML used here for max-width styling which cannot be achieved with markdown */}
<img src="/img/features/analyze/1.png" alt="Selecting an image and clicking Analyze button" style={{maxWidth: '365px', width: '100%'}} />

---

## ✨ Analysis Results

Within seconds, you'll receive a comprehensive analysis report containing valuable information to help you sell your design with confidence:

{/* HTML used here for max-width styling which cannot be achieved with markdown */}
<img src="/img/features/analyze/2.png" alt="Comprehensive image analysis results" style={{maxWidth: '365px', width: '100%'}} />

### ✅ Copyright Detection

The most critical feature for print-on-demand sellers! Our analysis uses **Amazon's advanced copyright detection tool** to scan your image for potential copyright issues including:

- Copyrighted characters
- Celebrity likenesses
- Brand logos
- Trademarked elements

When no issues are detected, you'll see a clear "NO COPYRIGHT ISSUES DETECTED" confirmation, giving you peace of mind to list your product.

:::warning Important Notice
While our AI analysis provides helpful guidance, it can make mistakes. Always double-check all findings, especially copyright analysis, before using designs in your business decisions. The AI Analysis Disclaimer is included with every report.
:::

### 🎨 Detected Elements

Get a detailed breakdown of all visual elements in your image:
- Subject matter and style
- Colors and composition
- Text content
- Artistic style and mood

This helps you understand exactly what's in your design for accurate product listings.

### 💡 Suggested Title

Receive an SEO-optimized product title (up to 62 characters) that includes:
- Key descriptive terms
- Primary keywords
- Eye-catching phrases

Perfect for platforms like Etsy, Amazon, and Redbubble.

### 📝 Product Description

Get a ready-to-use product description (up to 250 characters) that:
- Highlights key features
- Appeals to your target audience
- Includes relevant keywords naturally
- Maintains a professional, engaging tone

### 🏷️ Optimized Tags

Receive 15 SEO-optimized tags ordered by importance:
- **First tag = Golden Keyword** - Your most important search term
- Remaining tags cover relevant search terms
- Optimized for discoverability across marketplaces

These tags are specifically crafted to maximize your product's visibility in search results.

### 💰 Recommended Products

Get AI-powered recommendations for which products work best with your design:
- **Priority Products** - Best fits for your design
- **Secondary Products** - Additional opportunities

This helps you make smart decisions about where to apply your design.

---

## 💰 Credit Usage

Image analysis costs **$0.01 per image** - the most affordable way to ensure your designs are ready for market. Check your balance anytime using the [`/balance`](/features/balance-command) command.

---

## 💡 Pro Tips

:::tip Analyze Before Listing
Always analyze your images before listing them for sale. The copyright detection feature can save you from potential legal issues and marketplace account suspensions.
:::

:::tip Copy-Paste Ready
All the generated content (title, description, tags) is optimized for direct use in your product listings. Simply copy and paste to save time on every upload!
:::

:::tip Batch Analysis
Analyze all your generated image variations to see which one provides the best SEO opportunities and has the clearest copyright status.
:::

---

## 🎯 Perfect For

The Analyze feature is essential for:
- **Print-on-Demand Sellers** - Validate designs before listing
- **Marketplace Compliance** - Avoid copyright violations
- **SEO Optimization** - Get maximum visibility for your products
- **Time Savings** - Auto-generate product details instantly
- **Market Research** - Understand what products fit your design best
